TELCODOCS-261: Second round of What's new updates for Redfish HW events (#39520)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-10-release-notes.adoc

{product-title} {product-version} clusters are available at https://cloud.redhat.com/openshift. The {cloud-redhat-com} application for {product-title} allows you to deploy OpenShift clusters to either on-premise or cloud environments.

// Double check OP system versions
<<<<<<< HEAD
{product-title} {product-version} is supported on {op-system-base-full} 8.4, as well as on {op-system-first} 4.10.
=======
{product-title} {product-version} is supported on {op-system-base-full} 7.9 and 8.4, as well as on {op-system-first} 4.9.

> >>>>>>> 7bfffb698... TELCODOCS-261: Redfish hardware events

Reviewer: @tmulquee Looks like you've got a bit of merge conflict residue.

Author: Hi Chris, thanks, I believe that should be clean now.

[id="ocp-4-10-networking"]
=== Networking

[id="ocp-4-10-hardware"]
=== Hardware

[id="ocp-4-10-redfish-events"]
==== Low-latency Redfish hardware event delivery (Technology Preview)

> In a bare metal cloud environment, applications must act on hardware changes and failures quickly with high reliability. OpenShift Container Platform now provides a hardware event proxy that enables such applications to respond to Redfish hardware events with low latency.

Reviewer 2: Is "bare metal cloud" an oxymoron? Also, "bare metal" in the adjectival postion takes a hyphen.
 
```suggestion
{product-title} now provides a hardware event proxy that enables applications running on bare-metal clusters to respond quickly to Redfish hardware events such as hardware changes and failures.
```

> The hardware event proxy supports a publish-and-subscribe service through which hardware events detected by Redfish can be consumed by relevant applications. The proxy must be running on hardware that supports Redfish v1.8 and higher.

Reviewer 2: publish-subscribe (pub/sub)

The applications can be developed using a REST API to consume and respond to events such as breaches of temperature thresholds, fan failure, disk loss, power outages, and memory failure. Reliable end-to-end messaging without persistent stores is based on the Advanced Message Queuing Protocol (AMQP). The latency of the messaging service is in the 10 millisecond range.

> Note: This feature is only supported in this release in the context of Single Node OpenShift.

Reviewer 2: Use asciidoc syntax for notes. 

```
[NOTE]
====
This feature is only supported for single node OpenShift clusters.
====
```

[id="ocp-4-10-networking"]
=== Networking

[id="ocp-4-10-redfish-events"]
==== Low-latency Redfish hardware event delivery (Technology Preview)

{product-title} now provides a hardware event proxy that enables applications running on bare-metal clusters to respond quickly to Redfish hardware events, such as hardware changes and failures.

The hardware event proxy supports a publish-subscribe service that allows relevant applications to consume hardware events detected by Redfish. The proxy must be running on hardware that supports Redfish v1.8 and higher.

You can use a REST API to develop applications to consume and respond to events such as breaches of temperature thresholds, fan failure, disk loss, power outages, and memory failure. Reliable end-to-end messaging without persistent stores is based on the Advanced Message Queuing Protocol (AMQP). The latency of the messaging service is in the 10 millisecond range.

> An Operator is provided to manage the lifecycle of the `hw-event-proxy` container:

Reviewer 2: Suggest explicitly naming the Operator and saying where you can install it from.

> * creating

Reviewer 2: I don't think these lines are required. It's implicit in being deployed as an Operator that the lifecycle of the functionality is handled automatically.

Author: Thanks for the edits Aidan, implemented.

For more information, see xref:../support/gathering-cluster-data.adoc#support-network-trace-methods_gathering-cluster-data[Network trace methods] and xref:../support/gathering-cluster-data.adoc#support-collecting-host-network-trace_gathering-cluster-data[Collecting a host network trace].

[id="ocp-4-10-hardware"]
=== Hardware

[id="ocp-4-10-redfish-events"]
==== Low-latency Redfish hardware event delivery (Technology Preview)

> {product-title} now provides a hardware event proxy that enables applications running on bare-metal clusters to respond quickly to Redfish hardware events such as hardware changes and failures.

Reviewer 3: Add comma: ...hardware events, such as ....

> The hardware event proxy supports a publish-subscribe service through which hardware events detected by Redfish can be consumed by relevant applications. The proxy must be running on hardware that supports Redfish v1.8 and higher.

Reviewer 3: Can this language be simplified to: ...publish-subscribe service that allows relevant applications to consume hardware events detected by Redfish.

> The applications can be developed using a REST API to consume and respond to events such as breaches of temperature thresholds, fan failure, disk loss, power outages, and memory failure. Reliable end-to-end messaging without persistent stores is based on the Advanced Message Queuing Protocol (AMQP). The latency of the messaging service is in the 10 millisecond range.

Reviewer 3: Change to active voice and add comma: You can use a REST API to develop applications to consume and respond to events, such as...

|TP
|

> | Low-latency Redfish hardware event delivery

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Low-latency Redfish hardware events
```

Author: Thanks for the edits, Aidan.
